Quick printing (no formatting) of the current view, 
or current selection (if any). There are settings 
to add blank lines at the top or bottom, indent from 
the left, start with the filename and add page or 
line numbers.

[Note: On Windows the Console will flash open 
on occasion.]
[.txt files are added to the users' TEMP folder 
for each view printed.]

SETUP: SHARE YOUR PRINTER (important);
Windows: Make a note of your computer-name and the 
printer-name. Add these values to the package settings 
(although the computer-name can be omitted);
linux/osx: It should print to the default printer, 
although you can specify a "queue" setting - being 
the queue or printer name.

You will possibly have to configure your printers' 
settings to accept TEXT input, particularly if 
printing to a .pdf generator.

The print option appears in the context-menu, or you 
can add a key-binding for the command "quick_print".
[I prefer to use the context-menu because, if it 
appears in the file menu, then users would probably 
anticipate a dialog or print-preview to appear.]

In the settings you can optionally specify:
how many blank lines to add at the top of each page;
whether to start printing with the full filename;
number of spaces to be added on the left;
the number of lines to print per page;
How many blank lines (at the bottom) before printing 
the page number. (If omitted, or false, the page 
numbers will not be added.);
whether to print line numbers.

If you explicitly state the number of lines to 
print per page then this makes it possible to 
create headers and footers, although this is not 
currently implemented.

There is also a "quick_print_reset" command (for 
Windows only) which reassigns LPT1 to the named 
printer. I use a key-binding for this.

Possible TODOs:
Ability to print multi-select;
Specifying (approximate) page-range to print;
Settings for alternative port (from LPT1);
Setting for the number of characters per line;
Configure headers and footers.

It would be possible to create an approximation 
to a print preview:
create a read-only view; 
temporarily change to a simple-white theme;
use dashes or underlines to indicate page-ends;
include the header/footer info;
show the input panel so the user can press Enter 
to print, or specify a page-range before printing.
However, I may not pursue this as it wouldn't 
look that great, or behave like a proper print-
preview.